c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\mock-heroes.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\dashboard.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\heroes.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app-routing.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\in-memory-data.service.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\main.js.map
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TourOFHeroes\TourOFHeroes\app\tests\1st.spec.js.map
